us budget spending is no longer possible
control took two hundred years
to increase the amount of paper dollars
from 0 to 800 25 billion mike meloni
is explained
and then literally throughout
several months this figure has increased
up to 1.70 trillion dollars in March
2009 the government announced miss another
1.2 trillion how they do it just
run the money machine to the fullest
power in the world is incredible now
a huge amount of money for the first time in
human history all the money on
the planet are fiat money on
throughout history people always
sought to ensure the value of paper
money metal and right now gold
regains this important function again
this time idroid global process
stage of the rarest opportunity in history
of humanity
because it will be a quelle of words
you are the greatest distribution of wealth in
history and tests throughout
the history of society handed out cash
systems starting with the release of money
made of gold or silver for
which then changed money only
substitute gold or silver
paper banknotes or copper coins
after that the money supply is always
and constantly new
but this ashes lay peacefully in the vaults in
x until people have experienced inhalation center
water early oversupply of cash
marks and moved back to gold and
silver, why should the able redeem
gold and silver people provoke growth
their metal value will rise until
thousands of your freedom and cost the whole
land volume
Volyn money supply in this and
lies your opportunity this is
the greatest before dividing is rich in
human history if the government
can't manage the money system
gas killed will do it for him
how do you think the founding fathers of the united states
said thomas jefferson
Andrew Jackson himself if
would they live today if they saw
all that happened to their country
the system they put down
constitution so they think about our
society what will happen to him how would they
us
described can socialists called
afraid of being taught by the communists on like that they
we could even be arrested and imprisoned
behind bars probably the communists you
probably you know how things were with
finances voluntary act of 1792
first after the constitution he came out he
said that for participating in currency forgery
relies on the death penalty
well, today we fake a lot of currency
prints dollars which they think
cost nothing they knew what
federal reserve banknotes when
continental dollar flew into the tube
they knew how dangerous inflation was sure that
jefferson and others said guys you
you don't understand that once before
happened that's why they led
death penalty
of moral quite so to speak
Considerations Well, we legalized
crafts of currency you and I fake currency
cannot of course it is punishable by law
so why can the government
do and disobey the same law